GA release and other updates (#4939)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/office-365-network-mac-perf-overview.md

When you first navigate to the network performance page, you will have to configure your locations in order to see the map of global network performance, a network assessment scoped to the entire tenant, percentage of your users working remotely vs onsite, and a list of current issues to take action on and/or to research further. From the overview pane, you can drill down to view specific network performance metrics and issues by location. For more information, see [Network performance overview in the Microsoft 365 Admin Center](#network-connectivity-overview-in-the-microsoft-365-admin-center).

> To access the network connectivity page, you must be an administrator for the organization within Microsoft 365. The Reports reader administrative role will have read access to this information. To configure locations and other elements of network connectivity, an administrator must be part of a server administrator role such as the Service support admin role. See [admin roles](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/admin/add-users/about-admin-roles?view=o365-worldwide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the network connectivity page, you must be an administrator for the organization within Microsoft 365. The Reports reader administrative role will have read access to this information. To configure locations and other elements of network connectivity, an administrator must be part of a server administrator role such as the Service support admin role. For more information, see [About admin roles](/microsoft-365/admin/add-users/about-admin-roles).
```

Reviewer 2: Johans edit looks good

> For this option, neither Windows Location Services nor Wi-Fi are required. Your OneDrive for Windows version must be up-to-date and installed on at least one computer at the location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this option, neither Windows Location Services nor Wi-Fi is required. Your OneDrive for Windows version must be up-to-date and installed on at least one computer at the location.
```

Reviewer 2: Johan's edit looks good.
